update readme and documentation (#1124)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: docs/details.md

have already [joined US-RSE](https://us-rse.org/join) and provided your location,
you should be represented on it. If you see any issues or errors with location
lookup (we use geolocation of a named location) please [open an issue](https://github.com/USRSE/usrse-map/issues).

### How do I add a page redirect?

We have a special header field that you can define if you want a page to redirect 
elsewhere. We do this by way of a meta tag, and we give the viewer 2 seconds
to see a message that they are being redirected.  To keep these pages
organized, we have them located in the `redirects` folder.  

Files in this folder should have the following format:

```yaml
---
layout: page
title: US-RSE Community Building Workshop
permalink: /2020-april-workshop/
redirect: https://us-rse.org/first-community-workshop
---
```

The above says that the page titled "US-RSE Community Building Workshop" served
at permalink /2020-april-workshop will be redirected to 
https://us-rse.org/first-community-workshop.

### How do I embed a video?

If you have a YouTube video to embed, we have an include that will make it easy

> to embed a full width, fullscreen enabled video! Simply do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to embed a full-width, fullscreen-enabled video! Simply do:
```

```
{% include youtube-embed.html url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/gP5UCfV3n-A"  title="Video Title" %}
```

> Where the url should be the embed URL that is provided to you when you click to share

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where the url is the embed URL that is provided to you when you click to share
```

> and then embed (note that "embed" is in the url) and the title is a title of your

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and then embed (note that "embed" is in the URL) and the title is a title of your
```

choosing. You are not required to include a title, and it will default to a generic
"YouTube video player."

### How do I add a "Last Modified:" date to a page?

> All of our pages come ready to have a "last modified" date added, which will default to the bottom

Reviewer 3: This is awkwardly phrased. I recommend:
```suggestion
All pages have the option to include a "last modified" date, which will default to the bottom
```

> All of our pages come ready to go to add a "last modified" date, which will default to the bottom

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of our pages come ready to have a "last modified" date added, which will default to the bottom
```
